readme.md, before:

# Install dependencies (OSMNX and other stuff)

```
conda config --add channels conda-forge 
conda create -c conda-forge --override-channels --name geo osmnx tqdm selenium phantomjs pillow bokeh jupyter
pip install requests_cache
source activate geo
```

## You will also need to run the osrm-backend, either by OSRM.sh, or...
```
docker run -t -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-extract -p /opt/car.lua /data/oregon-latest.osm.pbf
docker run -t -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-partition /data/oregon-latest.osrm
docker run -t -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-customize /data/oregon-latest.osrm
docker run -t -i -p 5000:5000 -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-routed --algorithm mld /data/oregon-latest.osrm
```

### example:

```python
import motorshed
address = 'Astoria, OR'
G, center_node, origin_point = motorshed.get_map(address, distance=20000)
```

### or, you can run by place:
```python
place = 'Clatsop County, Oregon, USA'
G, center_node, origin_point = motorshed.get_map(address, place=place)
```


### then analyze and draw the map (5-70 it/s seems normal):
```python
motorshed.get_transit_times(G, origin_point)
missing_edges, missing_nodes = motorshed.find_all_routes(G, center_node)
motorshed.draw_map(G, center_node, color_by='through_traffic')
```

![alt text](images/Clatsop.png "Clatsop County")

### To animate, use convert:
```
convert -delay 10 -loop 0 2700*.svg.png animate-2700-by-time.gif
```

Commit message:

make motorshed package & add to readme
Former-commit-id: 7a45a5ed30b307cbb77f2c5bdd965074f8c9b21e

readme.md, after:

# Install dependencies (OSMNX and other stuff)

```
conda config --add channels conda-forge 
conda create -c conda-forge --override-channels --name geo osmnx tqdm selenium phantomjs pillow bokeh jupyter
pip install requests_cache
source activate geo
```

# Install this package
```
# In the `motorshed` directory, which contains setup.py:
pip install -e ./
```
To confirm that it worked, try running `import motorshed` in any Python terminal.

## You will also need to run the osrm-backend, either by OSRM.sh, or...
```
docker run -t -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-extract -p /opt/car.lua /data/oregon-latest.osm.pbf
docker run -t -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-partition /data/oregon-latest.osrm
docker run -t -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-customize /data/oregon-latest.osrm
docker run -t -i -p 5000:5000 -v $(pwd):/data osrm/osrm-backend osrm-routed --algorithm mld /data/oregon-latest.osrm
```

### example:

```python
import motorshed
address = 'Astoria, OR'
G, center_node, origin_point = motorshed.get_map(address, distance=20000)
```

### or, you can run by place:
```python
place = 'Clatsop County, Oregon, USA'
G, center_node, origin_point = motorshed.get_map(address, place=place)
```


### then analyze and draw the map (5-70 it/s seems normal):
```python
motorshed.get_transit_times(G, origin_point)
missing_edges, missing_nodes = motorshed.find_all_routes(G, center_node)
motorshed.draw_map(G, center_node, color_by='through_traffic')
```

![alt text](images/Clatsop.png "Clatsop County")

### To animate, use convert:
```
convert -delay 10 -loop 0 2700*.svg.png animate-2700-by-time.gif
```
